Added image of download menu and minor copy amend (#1739)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/courses/level-one/chapter-6.md

Note that the exported JSON file of your workflow will contain your credentials as well. If you don't want to share your credentials (recommended), delete them from the JSON file.
///

<figure><img src="/_images/courses/level-one/chapter-six/l1-c6-import-export-menu.png" alt="Import/Export menu" style="width:100%"><figcaption align = "center"><i>Import & Export workflows menu</i></figcaption></figure>

You can export and import workflows in two ways:

* From the Editor UI:
    * Export: From the top navigation bar click on the 3 dots in the top right and click 'Download'. This will download your current workflow as a JSON file on your computer.

>     * Import: From the top navigation bar click on the 3 dots in the top right and click on 'Import from URL' (to import a published workflow) or 'Import from File' (to import a workflow as a JSON file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Import: From the top navigation bar click on the 3 dots in the top right and click on _Import from URL_ (to import a published workflow) or _Import from File_ (to import a workflow as a JSON file).
```
